Pelagia Karamanolis pkaraman@usc.edu Komal Kackar kackar@usc.edu

Summary: This project works with a network management system using doubly linked list data structures. It allows adding, removing, and searching for people by their names and load the netwrok from files. This project has the following files: contact.h / contact.cpp, person.h / person.cpp, date.h / date.cpp, network.h / network.cpp, misc.h / misc.cpp, main.cpp

The contact files define the Contact class and the subclasses of phone and email. It's used to hold the phone and email information in one place for a person's contact details. It ensures that the subclasses of phone and email override the base class of contact to return the information to the correct format. The person files contain details about a person such as their first name, last name, date of birth, and contacts. This is held via Phone and Email objects. It also makes sure that there are no duplicates and supports searching for people. The date files implement the date class when handling date of birth. It ensures they are stored in the correct format. The network files manage a doubly linked list of Person objects. It supports adding a person at the beginning or end of the list and seaching them by first or last name as well as removing them. It also allows saving and loading the network data to a file. It provides a user friendly menu. The misc files contail utility functions for input/output operations and printing the banner.

To run the files successfully, ensure you use the following commands: g++ -std=c++17 main.cpp network.cpp person.cpp date.cpp contact.cpp misc.cpp -o test_network ./test_network
